what is going on here
what's going on it Joe didn't want to
give me a high five dang it
yeah bet okie dokie I am gonna teach you
guys how to vlog in five minutes or less
I'm just kidding I've actually forgot to
do my log for the week and
and I've completely just neglected
vlogging not my fault it's the weather's
fault Oh weekend was absolute rain okay
but that's not my thumb i flogged it two
times doing cool stuff like this
oh yeah
and like this Kanan growth of the times
my
I left my sin a backpack connector the
part that hooks into the backpack and
the charger or the backpack in the
camera I left that at home the first
time the second time I tip vlogging was
when i was working in buford and i was
on the way home and not only i remember
the sinner I remember the connector I
got it all great and dandy right no
there's this little bitty switch on the
back of the sinner backpack
that it says Mike and you have to leave
that in the off position when you use
the Senate 20s or than any kind of
bluetooth for a quarter because what
will happen is you'll record all the
wind noise you'll record your voice in
the helmet and then you'll record your
voice outside to help me and shame on me
Hey look a squirrel shame on me for open
others girl oh my god another one
squirrel um shame on me it just looks
mean Oh are they gonna get that squirrel
Oh what if I get closer what if i get uh
huh oh look at it look at it just look
at it just look at the act what there it
is they're just tell her it's like they
know i'm coming there's no fat I can't
even fly off so for whatever kinda like
me huh anyway wait just wait to sing it
where's my bike what where hmm oh crap
the vultures carried it off where is
where's my bike Oh
that's right I remember yeah there it is
silly me right where I left it all right
now it's time to go do some rock that
wasn't too bad
oh how was a good one
oh oh later down later down oh now that
I think about it it's kind of funny oh
oh my god well see Paul was awesome oh
that's a workout yeah not
I'm doing it so much but yeah as you can
see i'm basically tearing up the dirt
here so that means some be a better
writer nah probably not i'm just goofing
off right now if i can just oh not
low-sided that thing just went on me
right there and it popped it in a
neutral hooha one last jump I know I
said that but this is it for real
whew that was a good time that was a
good time how is he bogo but i'll see
you guys next week hopefully do it some
drugs down durham town stuff on a
Kawasaki so i'll see you guys next time
they're happily father thank you for
this gorgeous day thank you for allowing
me to have floated and enjoy your
creation God I thank you for everything
that you've worked here you put it here
for a purpose and by your hand you've
designed everything that's just before
my eyes God and before every I you know
god it says in the Bible that no one
will have an excuse to not know you
because of everything that's around them
you may through your hands and I thank
you God for everything you've done for
me I thank you that in trials and
unfortunate events I don't get
frustrated I don't look down I don't
look for
the easy way out but i keep on persevere
and persevere to be motivated and to do
what you called me to do god I think for
everything you've done for me I think
for all that you're doing for me and I
thank you for blessing me and my family
god I bless your name I lift your name
on high praise your son's name Jesus
because now God we all know there would
be possible we wouldn't be able to
eternally
Marty name hey
Oh